Juju Secrets to communicate sensitive information in Charm Relations (Opensearch) (#99)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: interfaces/opensearch_client/v0/README.md

Both the Requirer and the Provider need to adhere to criteria to be considered compatible with the interface.

> Passing sensitive information goes via Juju secrets. Corresponding pieces of information are grouped together in a single secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensitive information is transmitted through Juju secrets rather than directly through the relation data bag(s). Corresponding pieces of information are grouped together in a single secret.
```

- Is not expected to create an index on relation creation.
  - Responsibility for managing an index rests with the requirer application, including creating and removing indices.
- Is expected to provide the `index` field with the index that has been made available to the Requirer.

> - Is expected to provide unique a `secret-user` field, that contains the URI of the Juju Secret, which holds the `username` and `password` fields when Requirer provides the `index` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is expected to provide credentials (`username` and `password`) in a Juju Secret whenever the requirer supplies the `index` field.
- Is expected to expose the Juju Secrets URI to the credentials through the `secret-user` field of the data bag.
```

- Is expected to provide the `endpoints` field containing all cluster endpoint addresses in a comma-separated list.
- Is expected to provide the `version` field describing the installed version number of opensearch.

> - If the charm has TLS enabled (such as using the [TLS Certificates Operator](https://github.com/canonical/tls-certificates-operator)), it is expected to provide the CA chain as of the `tls-ca` field published within a Juju Secret. The secret itself is shared via the `secret-tls` field of the databag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is expected to provide the CA chain in the `tls-ca` field of a Juju Secret, whenever the provider has TLS enabled (for instance, by using the [TLS Certificates Operator](https://github.com/canonical/tls-certificates-operator)).
- Is expected to share the CA chain secret through the `secret-tls` field of the databag.
```

> - If the Requirer asks for additional secrets (via `secret_fields`, see below) other than those stored in the `user` and `tls` secrets, Provider is expected to define a `secret-extra` field holding the URI of the Juju Secret containing all additional secret fields.

Reviewer 2: Intent to support more secret fields in the future (unknown right now), e.g. Kafka can have `zookeeper-uri` field, which can theoretically have zookeeper credentials.

    related-endpoint: opensearch-app-consumer
    application-data:
      endpoints: 10.180.162.200:9200,10.180.162.75:9200
      secret-user: secret://59060ecc-0495-4a80-8006-5f1fc13fd783/cjqub6vubg2s77p3nio0

>       secret-tls: secret://59060ecc-0495-4a80-8006-5f1fc13fd783/cjqub7fubg2s77p3niog

Author: Since it's optional (and not part of the initial Mermaid diagram) we may not want to list tls here.

Reviewer 2: please keep it as it is

    related-endpoint: opensearch-client
    application-data:
      index: myindex

>       secret_fields: username password tls tls-ca endpoints uris

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      secret_fields: username password tls tls-ca uris
```
